cuda.md, before:

# CUDA installation guide: http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/#axzz4VZnqTJ2A
# $ lspci | grep -i nvidia
# $ uname -m && cat /etc/*release
# $ gcc --version

# Install LINUX headers
sudo apt install linux-headers-$(uname -r)

# Download and install CUDA 8.0
wget https://developer.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/8.0/Prod2/local_installers/cuda_8.0.61_375.26_linux-run
sudo sh cuda_8.0.61_375.26_linux-run

# If the installation fails, remove X lock in /tmp.

# Disable Nouveau if a command below displays anything:
# $ lsmod | grep nouveau
#
# 1. Create a file at /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist-nouveau.conf with the following # contents:
# blacklist nouveau
# options nouveau modeset=0
#
# 2. Then regenerate the kernel initramfs:
# $ sudo update-initramfs -u

# Install cuDNN 5.1
# 1. Download cuDNN from https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn
# $ sudo cp include/cudnn.h /usr/local/cuda/include
# $ sudo cp -P lib64/libcudnn* /usr/local/cuda/lib64/
# $ sudo chmod a+r /usr/local/cuda/include/cudnn.h
# $ sudo chmod a+r /usr/local/cuda/lib64/libcudnn*

# Install NVIDIA CUDA Profile Tools
sudo apt install libcupti-dev

# Install TensorFlow
sudo pip install -U tensorflow-gpu

# Install Keras
sudo pip install keras

Commit message:

add lightgbm. update cuda.md for 1080 Ti

cuda.md, after:

# CUDA installation guide: http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/#axzz4VZnqTJ2A
# $ lspci | grep -i nvidia
# $ uname -m && cat /etc/*release
# $ gcc --version

# Install LINUX headers
sudo apt install linux-headers-$(uname -r)

# Download and install CUDA 8.0
# For GTX 1080 Ti, select No to install NVidia driver 376.
wget https://developer.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/8.0/Prod2/local_installers/cuda_8.0.61_375.26_linux-run
sudo sh cuda_8.0.61_375.26_linux-run

# for GTX 1080 Ti, you need to install NVidia driver 381.09 manually
# sudo add-apt-repository ppa:graphics-drivers/ppa
# sudo apt update
# sudo apt -y install nvidia-381

# If the installation fails, remove X lock in /tmp.

# Disable Nouveau if a command below displays anything:
# $ lsmod | grep nouveau
#
# 1. Create a file at /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist-nouveau.conf with the following # contents:
# blacklist nouveau
# options nouveau modeset=0
#
# 2. Then regenerate the kernel initramfs:
# $ sudo update-initramfs -u

# Install cuDNN 5.1
# 1. Download cuDNN from https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn
# $ sudo cp include/cudnn.h /usr/local/cuda/include
# $ sudo cp -P lib64/libcudnn* /usr/local/cuda/lib64/
# $ sudo chmod a+r /usr/local/cuda/include/cudnn.h
# $ sudo chmod a+r /usr/local/cuda/lib64/libcudnn*

# Install NVIDIA CUDA Profile Tools
sudo apt install libcupti-dev

# Install TensorFlow
sudo pip install -U tensorflow-gpu

# Install Keras
sudo pip install keras
